update readme; include yq documentation (#46)
hubverse-org/hub-dash-site-builder: README.md

## Usage

To get help, you can run the container with the `--help` argument, which will
print the usage and display [examples](examples.md).

> [!NOTE]
>

> > The default working directory of the image is in `/site`. This is where
> > we expect the dashboard source and subfolders to live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The default working directory inside the container, set in the image using `WORKDIR`, is `/site`. This is where we expect the dashboard source and its subfolders to live, and where all commands are executed unless a different working directory is specified
```
Just adding an extra breadcrumb with `WORKDIR` and being a bit more explicit re container vs image
